i.group: Add JSON support (#5870)
OSGeo/grass: imagery/i.group/i.group.md

i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands input=lsat7_2000_10,lsat7_2000_20,lsat7_2000_30
```

> To list files in the `vis_bands` subgroup under the `vis_bands` group:

Reviewer: Could you separate the -l and -s examples and use the content tabs? I am thinking of using the plain format and python with json

```sh
# In shell format
i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands -l format=shell
lsat7_2000_10@PERMANENT
lsat7_2000_20@PERMANENT
lsat7_2000_30@PERMANENT

# In JSON format
i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands -l format=json
[
    "lsat7_2000_10@PERMANENT",
    "lsat7_2000_20@PERMANENT",
    "lsat7_2000_30@PERMANENT"
]
```

To list maps in the `vis_bands` group using Python:

```python
import grass.script as gs

# Run i.group with JSON output and the -l flag
data = gs.parse_command(
    "i.group",
    group="vis_bands",
    flags="l",
    format="json",
)

print(data)
```

```text
['lsat7_2000_10@PERMANENT', 'lsat7_2000_20@PERMANENT', 'lsat7_2000_30@PERMANENT']
```

To list subgroups in the `vis_bands` group:

```sh
# In shell format
i.group group=vis_bands -s format=shell
vis_bands

# In JSON format
i.group group=vis_bands -s format=json
[
    "vis_bands"
]

> ```

Reviewer: Let's have the command and output as separate code blocks, and make the json example with Python.

i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands input=lsat7_2000_10,lsat7_2000_20,lsat7_2000_30
```

### Get files from subgroup

To list files in the `vis_bands` subgroup under the `vis_bands` group:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
=== "Command line"

    ```sh
    i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands -l
    ```

    Possible output:

    ```text
    -------------
    <lsat7_2000_10@PERMANENT>    <lsat7_2000_20@PERMANENT>    
    <lsat7_2000_30@PERMANENT>    
    -------------
    ```

=== "Python (grass.script)"

    ```python
    import grass.script as gs

    data = gs.parse_command(
        "i.group", group="vis_bands", subgroup="vis_bands", flags="l", format="json"
    )
    print(data)
    ```

    Possible output:

    ```json
    ['lsat7_2000_10@PERMANENT', 'lsat7_2000_20@PERMANENT', 'lsat7_2000_30@PERMANENT']
    ```

> ### Get files from group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List maps in a group
```

i.group group=vis_bands subgroup=vis_bands input=lsat7_2000_10,lsat7_2000_20,lsat7_2000_30
```

> ### Get files from subgroup
> 
> To list files in the `vis_bands` subgroup under the `vis_bands` group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List maps from a subgroup

To list maps in the `vis_bands` subgroup under the `vis_bands` group:
```
